# packages in environment at /home/marios/anaconda3/envs/personal:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       1_gnu    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.9.3              pyhb0f4dca_0    conda-forge
branca                    0.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39h3811e60_1001    conda-forge
bs4                       4.9.3                         0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2021.5.30            ha878542_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2021.5.30        py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.6           py39he32792d_0    conda-forge
chardet                   4.0.0            py39hf3d152e_1    conda-forge
cryptography              3.4.7            py39hbca0aa6_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.3.0            py39he80948d_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
folium                    0.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
icu                       68.1                 h58526e2_0    conda-forge
idna                      2.10               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.0.2            py39hef51801_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.25.0           py39hef51801_1    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.0           py39hf3d152e_2    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            6.1.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.7.1            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.36.1               hea4e1c9_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0                9_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0                9_openblas    conda-forge
libffi                    3.3                  h58526e2_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.3.0               h2828fa1_19    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            9.3.0               hff62375_19    conda-forge
libgfortran5              9.3.0               hff62375_19    conda-forge
libgomp                   9.3.0               h2828fa1_19    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0                9_openblas    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.15          pthreads_h8fe5266_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.3.0               h6de172a_19    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.12               h72842e0_0    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.33               h15afd5d_2    conda-forge
lxml                      4.6.3            py39h107f48f_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.0.1            py39h3811e60_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  h58526e2_4    conda-forge
numpy                     1.21.0           py39hdbf815f_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1k               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.3.0            py39hde0f152_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pip                       21.1.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.19             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pygments                  2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 20.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py39hf3d152e_3    conda-forge
python                    3.9.0           hffdb5ce_5_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      2_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2021.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     22.1.0           py39h37b5a0c_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  h46c0cb4_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.25.1             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
selenium                  3.141.0         py39h3811e60_1002    conda-forge
setuptools                49.6.0           py39hf3d152e_3    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.0.1                      py_1    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.36.0               h9cd32fc_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               h21135ba_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py39h3811e60_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2021a                he74cb21_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.6             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
wheel                     0.36.2             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_1    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1010    conda-forge
